refactor: Rework the App Record Replay docs into new standard structure (#1243)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/application/services/AppRecordReplay/ApiReference.md

# App Record and Replay

## API Reference

Control of this service is accomplished via the following REST API. In addition, 
this service does inherit the [common APIs](../../../../api/Ch-APIIntroduction.md/) and 
the [Trigger API](../../Triggers.md/#http-trigger) from the SDK.

<swagger-ui src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edgexfoundry/app-record-replay/{{edgexversion}}/openapi/{{api_version}}/app-record-replay.yaml"/>

## Postman Collection

A sample Postman collection can be found [here](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/app-record-replay/blob/{{edgexversion}}/Record%20and%20Reply.postman_collection.json).

!!! note
    Use the Postman `Send and Download` option for the `Export recording - JSON` request so that the response can be saved to file. The `Send and Download` option is on the `Send` button.

!!! note

>     Postman automatically un-compresses the responses when requesting GZIB or ZLIB compression. Use the following curl command to save the compressed response to file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Postman automatically decompress the responses when requesting GZIB or ZLIB compression. Use the following curl command to save the compressed response to file.
```

Author: fixed

# App Record and Replay

## API Reference

Control of this service is accomplished via the following REST API. In addition, 
this service does inherit the [common APIs](../../../../api/Ch-APIIntroduction.md/) and 

> the [Trigger API](../../Triggers.md/#http-trigger) from the SDK.

Reviewer 2: is there more than one Trigger API?

> the [Trigger API](../../Triggers.md/#http-trigger) from the SDK.

Author: Nope, just the one API
